README.md, before:

# quarantine
A collaborative bug isolation exercise
--------------------------------------

See [documentation] generated by [FORD] for descriptions of the initial code commit.

### Build directions ###
In a bash shell
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/quarantine
cd quarantine
./build-and-test.sh
``


```
$ csh
[localhost:~/Code/quarantine] rouson% ./build-and-test.sh 
-- The Fortran compiler identification is GNU 8.2.0
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler has -isysroot
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler has -isysroot - yes
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler supports OSX deployment target flag
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler supports OSX deployment target flag - yes
-- Check for working Fortran compiler: /usr/local/bin/gfortran
-- Check for working Fortran compiler: /usr/local/bin/gfortran  -- works
-- Detecting Fortran compiler ABI info
-- Detecting Fortran compiler ABI info - done
-- Checking whether /usr/local/bin/gfortran supports Fortran 90
-- Checking whether /usr/local/bin/gfortran supports Fortran 90 -- yes
-- Configuring done
-- Generating done
-- Build files have been written to: /Users/rouson/Code/quarantine/build
Scanning dependencies of target buggy
[ 12%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Parameters_Mod.f90.o
[ 25%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Type_CArray_1D_Mod.f90.o
[ 37%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Type_Target_Material_Mod.f90.o
[ 50%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_Basic_Mod.f90.o
[ 62%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_TRNINPUT_Mod.f90.o
[ 75%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_Target_Material_Mod.f90.o
[ 87%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/hzetrn_trn.f90.o
[100%] Linking Fortran executable buggy
[100%] Built target buggy
Test project /Users/rouson/Code/quarantine/build
    Start 1: test-buggy
1/1 Test #1: test-buggy .......................***Exception: SegFault  0.01 sec
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%upper(1) =            3
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            1 aluminum
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            2 polyethylene
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            3 tissue
     57.0000000 B  read from trninput.dat
 Read_Write_Basic_Mod: Data_up%upper(1) =            3
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            1 aluminum
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            2 polyethylene
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            3 tissue
 Read_Write_TRNINPUT: A_t%upper   =            0     ---    SHOULD BE 3 but is not

Program received signal SIGSEGV: Segmentation fault - invalid memory reference.

Backtrace for this error:
#0  0x10750c1ac
#1  0x10750b553
#2  0x7fff5b025f59
#3  0x1074fe4e5
#4  0x1074fcfea
#5  0x1075011ee


0% tests passed, 1 tests failed out of 1

Total Test time (real) =   0.01 sec

The following tests FAILED:
	  1 - test-buggy (SEGFAULT)
Errors while running CTest
```

[documentation]: http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/quarantine/blob/master/documenation/index.html
[FORD]: https://github.com/cmacmackin/ford

Commit message:

Fix transcript display in README.md

README.md, after:

# quarantine
A collaborative bug isolation exercise
--------------------------------------

See [documentation] generated by [FORD] for descriptions of the initial code commit.

### Build directions ###
The following transcript demonstrates how to build and execute and shows the result of 
doing so with the initial code commit:
```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/quarantine
$ cd quarantine
$ csh
% ./build-and-test.sh 
-- The Fortran compiler identification is GNU 8.2.0
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler has -isysroot
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler has -isysroot - yes
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler supports OSX deployment target flag
-- Checking whether Fortran compiler supports OSX deployment target flag - yes
-- Check for working Fortran compiler: /usr/local/bin/gfortran
-- Check for working Fortran compiler: /usr/local/bin/gfortran  -- works
-- Detecting Fortran compiler ABI info
-- Detecting Fortran compiler ABI info - done
-- Checking whether /usr/local/bin/gfortran supports Fortran 90
-- Checking whether /usr/local/bin/gfortran supports Fortran 90 -- yes
-- Configuring done
-- Generating done
-- Build files have been written to: /Users/rouson/Code/quarantine/build
Scanning dependencies of target buggy
[ 12%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Parameters_Mod.f90.o
[ 25%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Type_CArray_1D_Mod.f90.o
[ 37%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Type_Target_Material_Mod.f90.o
[ 50%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_Basic_Mod.f90.o
[ 62%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_TRNINPUT_Mod.f90.o
[ 75%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/Read_Write_Target_Material_Mod.f90.o
[ 87%] Building Fortran object src/CMakeFiles/buggy.dir/hzetrn_trn.f90.o
[100%] Linking Fortran executable buggy
[100%] Built target buggy
Test project /Users/rouson/Code/quarantine/build
    Start 1: test-buggy
1/1 Test #1: test-buggy .......................***Exception: SegFault  0.01 sec
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%upper(1) =            3
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            1 aluminum
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            2 polyethylene
 Type_CArray_1D_Mod: D%Data(i)  =            3 tissue
     57.0000000 B  read from trninput.dat
 Read_Write_Basic_Mod: Data_up%upper(1) =            3
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            1 aluminum
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            2 polyethylene
                       Data_up%Data(i)  =            3 tissue
 Read_Write_TRNINPUT: A_t%upper   =            0     ---    SHOULD BE 3 but is not

Program received signal SIGSEGV: Segmentation fault - invalid memory reference.

Backtrace for this error:
#0  0x10750c1ac
#1  0x10750b553
#2  0x7fff5b025f59
#3  0x1074fe4e5
#4  0x1074fcfea
#5  0x1075011ee


0% tests passed, 1 tests failed out of 1

Total Test time (real) =   0.01 sec

The following tests FAILED:
	  1 - test-buggy (SEGFAULT)
Errors while running CTest
```

[documentation]: http://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/quarantine/blob/master/documenation/index.html
[FORD]: https://github.com/cmacmackin/ford
